Yeah, the transcriber has started, Yeah, but only you can see it. I think because I don't have the feature.
Oh interesting. OK, well I mean OK.
And there.
'cause there's even the top site that's only available to select team users, so it's not everyone.
Ah, I see. I see I wanted to like Maka meeting right now.
It's like.
Do you see, like the like? The only thing that transcribed file like at the end of the meeting or do not know.
I don't know yet. I don't know yet. I'm just going to support for a little bit longer until we have to drop.
I feel like I feel like there's no minimum time though, like it'll just work right?
Really.
'cause like for like if you just record a regular meeting with the transcribing like it will still record even if we require for like 5 seconds, right?
I think it will record.
I mean, I think there's like no short like there's no minimum time for the transcribing to work.
Oh yeah, yeah yeah no, I just want to like like have more data for it to like. Pick up on 'cause like um's. It said that like the biggest problem with this like transcribing feature for users is that it won't pick up on accents which won't happen here. But like if multiple people are talking, it's hard to pick up on stuff.
Really.
OK multiple, you were talking about. That makes sense. Also, my meeting that's 130 just got cancelled so I'm pretty.
OK, cool, um, OK let's just like try to mimic some like action items.
OK, I can start well, I guess I can actually show like evolution standardization just like now, but like I can show what I was thinking for the presentation at least.
OK ah OK.
Yeah.
Sure, let's go with that.
So we just go that screen and start sharing.
She.
Maybe you can also be smart, where like when you start recording. Usually people like don't like we can use service ticks where like people don't actually talk about the guts and like the important parts of the meeting. So like.
Like at least like one minute after that like yeah later second like only analyze that part or something I don't know.
Later.
Yeah, yeah.
A man.
I was I have but I was thinking OK this is not a genius idea. So at the end of the video.
'cause we're going to do the video through like we can pretend the entire video is a teams meeting right? And then the video will showcase our quote Unquote Product. It actually summarizing what we're saying. You don't say.
Ah ha ha ha ha.
Got it OK.
Yeah.
I see motivation, our solution demo.
I realized.
Like really, I feel like it's really hard to.
Um like showcase yourself.
In my like 1 to 3 minutes, you know.
Not sure.
Yeah.
OK, as a part of this like transcript.
Feature or just like see what comes out of it. Um, quote Unquote action items for.
Today, then, would include um.
Formalizing our motivation and maybe some like user scenarios and then.
Yeah, I didn't realize it was already like talking to customers as well, which is pretty horrible.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think yeah, I haven't. I honestly haven't.
Done anything until like just now my computer went through a massive update. I took bucking like 30 minutes.
Down.
Yeah, any help, so I'm starting now.
Yeah, I might as well just invite.
Nothing to do 'cause I was hoping are basically set up. Julia started this morning, but like I was the one that said. Like basically set up a computer for.
Of the sheep did she start? Does she start today?
Nice.
Catalogs.
OK, this works.
OK, and then in the sense there's more people like there's more odds of like people overlapping, you know, and like talking. Maybe there could be something smart. Maybe they're doing something smart where like oh, hello?
Column.
Yeah, I wonder I I've never.
Stop.
Hey.
Or just like randomly testing this, but they don't say anything but where it's not something that I can find, but yeah, but I'm saying like usually when people talk over each other in meetings, right? Like when they say stuff like that, time is not actually important. I'm saying like there's no like real important stuff there.
Yeah, yeah interpret terms of like yeah, that's true. That's true like in terms of like you know, thanks to follow up on.
So maybe you can.
Yeah, so maybe you can detect like I feel like it's really easy to checking people talking over each other. So like just ignore that part parts right?
Are you testing?
Yeah, I yeah I agree.
Are you just transcribing feature right now?
Yeah, we're testing.
Yeah, we're testing that. It's like weird 'cause like it's in beta form and so only some people see us. Some people don't. I guess I'm lucky 'cause I'm. I see I see it on my end, but I don't think Jeffrey does.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Do you see the benefit of this is transcribing? It started for now.
Yeah, yeah.
Feel better, but I can't initiate it.
Yeah.
Do you think you can? Do you think you can?
I feel like waiting fun to stop transcribing.
Ah yeah, I think so.
Yeah, you can just put yourself and seeing what else yeah?
Wait Jeffrey, do you think you can't see it because you didn't start the meeting like you didn't create this meeting yourself? 'cause like the meetings that I've tried were the ones that I like created. And so I was able to.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, the meeting I saw him last last week was like someone else made the meeting, not me, so might be that.
OK yeah, maybe we should actually try that and then see if like that makes a difference.
I mean not not for this experiment, but like in case if you guys actually want to see it, maybe that's something I should try doing.
So I just tried clicking stop transcribed and then seeing what comes out of it, you know?
Yeah, let me see if I can.
Over the transcripts loading.
What?
That's what it says. OK, cool cool wait. Can you guys see that? Oh wait, that's actually kinda cool. So they put the names next to the people when they talk.
Oh sure, there's This guy that.
OK.
So it's not. It's not. It's not just like a block of text, it's actually like like a teams conversation.
Yeah, oh wait, there's This guy but just message me he's like a UX researcher from my org. Captive right it just message me on teams saying he saw our hackathon idea and he wants to like help us and like sit in our meetings and stuff.
Wait, did you say he's a designer? What did you say?
He's a UX researcher.
UX researcher OK yeah I posted.
Which is.
I I posted um like a like a thing on the design channel and like I had like one guy respond except he was like a I don't know what GPN means in this context but like um.
GPM.
Yeah, like I don't. I don't think it's a PM though. I think he's designer so I don't know why it like it was like GP Ms is title but.
Group.
No.
It's like, Oh, I could be interested in my team and I could be interested in helping. Like give you some like feedback or something and this area is like so I haven't really spongy that yet.
I think it is actually like pretty interesting realistically, so I think people just like interested in that.
OK, well can you please clarify like so? What's the difference between like what we're suggesting the feature that's already available in teams?
Oh so our suggestion is like it's actually a summary, like 'cause on the meeting in teams is just like word for word transcribing, just text to speech. It all goes. It's pretty basic but our features like it parses to speech through like.
A neural network model to only figure out, like the key important parts of that speech you know.
OK.
Yeah, so that's the difference.
I'm reading the transcript. I'm starting to realize how often I used the word like it's pretty sad.
Transfer pretty accurate, right?
It's like decently accurate. There's like a few things that's like kind of off, but like for the most part, it's been pretty good.
And I feel like when it's when it doesn't know where you're saying in terms of like the word, I'll just like skip it if you're saying like something random, like not a real word, or like there's some noise in the background, there's not a real word then like.
Yeah.
Interesting, yeah.
So I think it's already smart enough to do that at least.
Yeah.
OK, I'm gonna stop.